---
title: A New Term
layout: post
author: yajur.krishnamurthy
permalink: /a-new-term/
source-id: 1mw9hu4tKuzvouPX8_48ceKs4mPRRXrh96u6P6e-W5aU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>A New Term Begins</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>3/3/2017</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Recapping Python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Complete all worksheets and tasks set in the lesson correctly</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes, even though I had to complete most of the work as homework because I am not the best at IT, I still got it done.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think like in all lessons, listening is very important. I obviously had to listen a lot in this lesson since we had not had IT for a long time. We had drama the term between these two IT sessions. Drama is a lot different to IT meaning that most of us were very rusty with Python and needed to relearn a lot of basic functions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Personally, the only thing I think limited my learning was not having enough time near the end to work on what would be our homework. This means that a lot of the work we do in the lesson ends up being homework. If we had more time in the lessons we would be able to finish more and have less homework.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think all I need to do to improve next week is to keep on concentrating and making sure I am able to get a lot done in the lesson itself.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


